This is the examples directory. It contains the following files:

README - this file

almanac - A simple almanac program, displaying sun and moon rise and
	set for the given day (defaulting to today), and the quarters of
	the moon, solstices and equinoxes for the next 30 days after the
	given day.

flare_vcalendar - A source file, to be executed by, for example,
	satpass2> source eg/flare_vcalendar
	This makes Iridium flare calculations for any satellites that
	have been loaded, and displays the results in vCalendar format.

	CAVEAT: My ancient Palm desktop software appears not to properly
	handle the switch between normal and daylight-saving  time
	(a.k.a. summer time), in that predictions made before the switch
	for events after the switch get assigned the wrong time, even
	though the UT event time is correct in the emitted file. I have
	not changed the event times to local time eg/flare_vcalendar
	because the vcalendar standard specifies UT.

pass_vcalendar - A source file, to be executed by, for example,
	satpass2> source eg/pass_vcalendar
	This makes pass calculations for any satellites that have been
	loaded, and displays the results in vCalendar format.

	CAVEAT: The same as for flare_vcalendar.

tle_celestia.tt - A Template-Toolkit file to display TLE data in the
	format needed for the Celestia planetarium software. You would
	use this by loading the orbital elements you want, and then
	issuing the command
	    satpass2> formatter report eg/tle_celestia.tt
	All options to the tle command work here (e.g. -choose).

	CAVEAT: The file generated by this template is in the correct
	format, but is known (or at least strongly suspected) NOT to put
	the satellite in the correct position.

tle_stellarium.tt - A Template-Toolkit file to display TLE data in the
	format needed for Stellarium planetarium software. You would use
	this from Astro::App::Satpass2 by loading the orbital elements
	you want, and then issuing the command
	    satpass2> formatter report eg/tle_stellarium.tt
	All options to the tle command work here (e.g. -choose).
